see that little flower growing right
through it nice the weed right through
the middle all right so tell me the
story Jerry okay we're here at this this
old site we picked up a few Chinese
coins right here next to this route
about five minutes ago I spotted one and
I had you up foreground Chinese
point ok so anyway I came back a Chinese
coin right here I came back and I get
another target and I dig down there and
it's a half of a Chinese point right
here a half of a Chinese point so then I
swing back over and I in another target
and I'm thinkin it's the other half of a
Chinese coin folks this is my first in
40 years of mounting tech us three cent
silver 1851
can you sit down star there's the star
that's a commuting yeah and there's the
three